Welcome to the driver and we will analyze
they are also the error and that imposes
the beginning of the game this is called
driver and welcome to the car
good people let's talk about their
skills we'll start with the passive to
which is called sinister attacks
Critics of housing including
additional for four seconds if not
everything will continue to be in use it does not matter if
do not be critical to produce this additional
how can we see our percentage
critical we press the letters since
critical probability will appear
we have a 10% we hit it we have a 10%
of the critical affiliate ok
Then let's talk about itself
we will talk about the migratory condition
the next king attacks bonus
a percentage of physical damage and the
unification is 75 percent of the damage
total also if we receive again
Our h have in availability to use
this ax in which I mean if we
we give in boats this chabán will go
through the air and if we catch it we have
possibility of returning to the sun
yes we can with the mechanics
at this moment you have a bug that makes
that is much faster in getting the
h
once we have we are going to launch and
before he hit and found
cadillacs
A) Yes
we do not move he works in the
traditions
bloody impulse this is the skill
that we activate with the w
40% of floors moving during
1.5 seconds and 20% of attack
for three seconds that we caught from
ax after using stability the
cold yet cooling will be seen
reduced does what I mean by that
we'll see
if we press ours it is not
w
to 0
the jobs I have available
City Hall will be reduced to zero
get away stability we will act with
and what it produces is that it separates
They give them enemies following damage
physical and moves us to the sides
how are we going now continuously
and finally we will talk about his last wave
that we will activate with the rave in throwing
his two giant antlers to inflict
175 damage plus the damage percentage
physical you have at this time
we can make a stay until the
distance that we want taking in
realize that this will reach the
final so deserved with these
we can re-activate with adr for
that is returned at the moment
we want like
we enjoyed the time
good
we have the disposition ours h if
we at some point move
sideways is made will change
of address and will dilate us
and good people in the matter of runes and
more than those we know were fifths with
all day and with extraction of
armor marks with penetration of
armor and we will use stamps to
armor and magical resistance flow
by level
in question and expertise what
we will use will be 21 54 giving it
offensive priority against our
movement revolution on the way
level and in hand regeneration utility
and the invoked what we have now
barriers with our I am a hawk
I am
our abilities our
skills maximize our q for
have in Asia as fast as possible
maximize our levels of our
movement
we'll start with some very basic
any of any exam with the
new pac and movement speed
using our google during the
childhood and finally we will have
our infiniti of fashion mall in the
whisper phantom dance 2 sad diversey
with perfect boots and finally if
you want to win could improve level 3
our contractors in the supports
they could be fiscal or evenings
in a next